                            Feather Software License
                             version 0.5, (c) 2021

Anyone can distribute this document. You can modify this document as long as you
change the name. You do not need to credit this license.

1. DEFINITIONS

"Derivative Work" means any direct modification to the Software that is not
exclusive use of the Library, and is not a Redistribution.

"Document" means sections 1 through 6 of this file.

A "library" is a set of programmatic tools and interfaces either included with a
program, separately implemented, or otherwise, to interact with a program,
without otherwise modifying that program.

"Library" means a library, or libraries, used for and/or included with the
Software. Use of the Library to effectively reimplement the Software is deemed
not exclusive use of the Library, and is deemed a Redistribution.

"License" means the permission notice, and all licenses therein, in section 2.

"Licensor" means all authors of or contributors to the Software.

"Redistribution" means any unmodified or trivially modified version of the
Software.

"Software" means the program the Document was distributed with.

"Source" form of a program is all of the source code needed to generate,
install, and run a program, excluding any libraries.

2. LICENSE

You are hereby granted perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, and non-
exclusive copyright and patent licenses to adapt, modify, translate, publicly
perform, publicly display, sublicense, or otherwise transfer or use the Software
and any patents related to the Software.

3. TERMS AND CONDITIONS

  a. Distribution.
     If you distribute a Redistribution, you must include the License and any
     copyright notices found within the Software. If you create a Derivative
     Work, you must disclose the Source form of the Derivative Work.
     
  b. Sublicensing, Further Licensing.
     If you distribute any Derivative Works, you must license that Derivative
     Work under the Document or any other licensing agreement containing
     provisions substantially similar to all of the terms of the Document
     (excluding those within 3(d)). Such a licensing agreement may be more
     restrictive than is required. You must sublicense any distributed
     Redistributions under the Document.

  c. Trademark Use.
     You are permitted to use trademarks related to the Software to describe the
     origin of any Redistributions or Derivative Works, even if you are not
     required to do so.

  d. Technological Circumvention.
     Notwithstanding other provisions of the Document, the Software or any part
     of the Software may not be deemed an effective technological measure to
     prevent certain usage of the Software, whether this usage was intended
     functionality or otherwise.

  e. Incorporated Derivative Works.
     If you directly and knowingly offer Licensor any Derivative Work (such as
     through a "pull request" or otherwise), Licensor is permitted to
     incorporate your Derivative Work, in full or in part, into the Software,
     withstanding the provisions of that Derivative Work's licensing agreement.
     Licensor is permitted to incorporate your Derivative Work into the Software
     without your direct offer so long as Licensor does so in compliance with
     that Derivative Work's licensing agreement.

4. TERMINATION

Upon violation of the terms of the Document the License and all rights granted
shall be terminated. Any sublicenses you have granted are not terminated unless
they were granted subsequently to your violation of the terms of the Document or
the sublicensee has violated the terms of the Document.

5. NO WARRANTIES OR LIABILITIES

Licensor hereby disclaims any warranties and liabilities, express or implied,
relating to the Software, including, but not limited to, a warranty or condition
of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Licensor shall not be
held accountable for any damages, including but not limited to direct, indirect,
special, or consequential, resulting from any cause, including but not limited
to inability to use the Software or termination of the License, should those
damages be connected with the performance, suitability, or other attribute of
the Software, improper use of the Software, or otherwise relating to the Software.

If Licensor has separately offered anything disclaimed above, with or without
fee, 

6. ABOUT THIS AGREEMENT

  a. No Waiver of Unenforced Provisions.
     Failure to enforce any provision of the Document does not indicate a waiver
     of such provision.

  b. Jurisdiction.
     This Document is to be enforced under the law of your location, unless
     otherwise noted by Licensor.

  c. Enforceability.
     Should any part or parts of this Document be unenforceable, the Document
     shall be enforced to the greatest extent permitted by applicable law.

  d. Separate Agreements.
     If you and Licensor have any agreements, preexisting or subsequent, that
     contain provisions conflicting with those of the Document, those agreements
     shall take precedence over the Document.
